Rebecca Plett (V A Bar No. 90988, NC Bar No. 63273) 
Lauren Rivard (NY Reg. No. 5308192) 
Federal Trade Commission 
600 Pennsylvania Ave., NW, Mailstop CC-6316 
Washington, DC 20580 
(202) 326-3664 / rplett@ftc.gov 
(202) 326-2450 / lrivard@ftc.gov 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
Federal Trade Commission 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT  
FOR THE DISTRICT OF ARIZONA  
Federal Trade Commission, 
  Plaintiff, 
 v. 
Air Ai Technologies, Inc., also d/b/a Air 
Ai and Scale 13, a Delaware corporation; 
Apex Holdings Group LLC, an Arizona 
limited liability company; 
Apex Scaling LLC, also d/b/a Air AI and 
Scale 13, an Arizona limited liability 
company; 
Apex 4 Kids LLC, an Arizona limited 
liability company; 
New Life Capital LLC, an Arizona limited 
liability company; 
Onyx Capital LLC, an Arizona limited 
liability company; 
Caleb Matthew Maddix, individually and 
as an officer of Air Ai Technologies, Inc., 
Apex Holdings Group LLC, Apex Scaling 
LLC, Apex 4 Kids LLC, New Life Capital 
LLC, and Onyx Capital LLC; 
Ryan Paul O’Donnell, individually and as 
an officer of Air Ai Technologies, Inc., 
Apex Holdings Group LLC, Apex Scaling 
LLC, Apex 4 Kids LLC, New Life Capital 
LLC, and Onyx Capital LLC; and 
Case No. _________________ 
COMPLAINT FOR PERMANENT 
INJUNCTION, MONETARY 
JUDGMENTS, AND OTHER 
RELIEF  
 2   
Thomas Matthew Lancer, individually and 
as an officer of Air Ai Technologies, Inc., 
    Defendants. 
Plaintiff, the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC” or “Commission”), for its 
Complaint alleges: 
1. The FTC brings this action for Defendants’ violations of Section 5(a) of the 
FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. § 45(a), the Telemarketing Sales Rule, (“TSR”), 16 C.F.R. Part 310, 
and the FTC’s Trade Regulation Rule entitled “Disclosure Requirements and Prohibitions 
Concerning Business Opportunities” (“Business Opportunity Rule”), 16 C.F.R. Part 437, 
as amended. For these violations, the FTC seeks relief, including a temporary, 
preliminary, and permanent injunction, monetary relief, and other relief, pursuant to 
Sections 13(b) and 19 of the FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 53(b), 57b, Section 6 of the 
Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act (“Telemarketing Act”), 
15 U.S.C. § 6105, and the Business Opportunity Rule.  
I. SUMMARY OF THE CASE 
2. Since at least February 2023, Defendants have deceptively marketed and 
sold a series of products and services aimed at entrepreneurs and small businesses, 
cashing in on significant false earnings claims and a guaranteed refund policy, to bilk 
consumers out of roughly $19 million over the course of only a few years. 
3. Defendants use online and telephone advertising and sales funnels to reach 
consumers, employing social media advertising campaigns to entice consumers to engage 
with them over the phone. Once they have consumer contact information, Defendants 
 3   
persistently call, text, and email consumers and use deceptive and high-pressure sales 
tactics to sell their products and services. 
4. Defendants’ products and services fall into two broad categories. First, 
Defendants sell business coaching materials and support, coupled with a suite of AI-
related business support products called an “Air AI Access Card” membership. 
Defendants have marketed their flagship product as “conversational AI,” allegedly 
capable of replacing human customer service representatives and, in combination with 
their coaching and other services, making business owners significant sums of money, for 
example claiming that some consumers were making a million dollars using Defendants’ 
services or that consumers would earn back tens of thousands of dollars within 30 days.   
5. Second, Defendants sell high-priced licenses permitting consumers to use 
the conversational AI themselves and market and re-sell the conversational AI 
technology to other businesses (“License” “Licensing” or “Licensing Business 
Opportunity”). Some consumers purchasing a License enter the sales funnel looking to 
purchase just conversational AI technology for their own business use but are then upsold 
the “opportunity” to make considerably more money – recouping investments of up to 
$100,000 and then some – by getting a License to resell the technology and get in on the 
ground floor of this allegedly industry-shifting product. 
6. Consumers purchasing the Air AI Access Card are frequently individuals 
interested in starting coaching businesses, hoping that Defendants’ services will help 
them start, grow, and scale their business, or entrepreneurs with pre-existing businesses 
looking to incorporate AI to improve efficiency or expand their endeavors.  
 4   
7. Despite Defendants’ promises, at best, Defendants offer coaching that does 
not help consumers start or grow a business, glitchy software that does not perform as 
advertised, and licenses to resell the same. At worst, Defendants sell consumers a junk 
suite of services that do not exist or are not consistently available.   
8. Consumers who purchase Air AI Access Cards often cannot get businesses 
off the ground or bring in the promised profit, and licensees are not able to recoup the 
money they pay Defendants for the privilege of selling their faulty products.  
9. To induce consumers to purchase these products and services, Defendants 
offer sweeping full-refund guarantees. These guarantees are the closing salvo of sales 
pitches and expressly outlined in contracts. Consumers are promised that if they do not 
make a certain amount of money – typically double or treble their investment within a 
specified number of months – or if they are not happy with the products for any reason, 
Defendants will refund the entire purchase price. As a result of these guarantees, 
consumers enter contracts with Defendants believing that their investment is essentially 
risk free. Some consumers even take on Defendant-brokered loans from third-party 
lenders in order to cover the purchase price. But when consumers ask for a refund, 
Defendants rarely honor their guarantee, often delaying and obfuscating before cutting 
off communication altogether. 
10. Consumers, many of whom are small business owners, lose as much as 
$100,000 on their investment and are frequently left in debt after relying on Defendants’ 
false promises of business growth, earnings potential, and refunds.  
 5   
II. JURISDICTION AND VENUE 
11. This Court has subject matter jurisdiction pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §§ 1331, 
1337(a), and 1345. 
12. Venue is proper in this District under 28 U.S.C. §§ 1391(b)(2), (c)(1), 
(c)(2), and 15 U.S.C. § 53(b). 
III. PLAINTIFF 
13. The FTC is an agency of the United States Government created by the FTC 
Act, which authorizes the FTC to commence this district court civil action by its own 
attorneys. 15 U.S.C. §§ 41–58. The FTC enforces Section 5(a) of the FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. 
§ 45(a), which prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce. 
The FTC also enforces the Business Opportunity Rule, 16 C.F.R. Part 437, which 
requires sellers to provide disclosure documents and prohibits false or unsubstantiated 
earnings claims and other prohibited practices. In addition, the FTC enforces the 
Telemarketing Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 6101-6108. Pursuant to the Telemarketing Act, the FTC 
promulgated and enforces the TSR, 16 C.F.R. Part 310, which prohibits deceptive and 
abusive telemarketing acts or practices. 
IV. DEFENDANTS 
14. Defendant Air AI Technologies, Inc. (“Air AI”), also doing business as Air 
AI, Air.AI and Scale 13, is a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 
4742 N 24
th Street, Suite 300, Phoenix, Arizona 85016. Air AI was previously 
incorporated in Arizona as Air AI LLC, with its principal place of business at 4742 N 
24th Street, Suite 300, Phoenix, Arizona 85016. In 2024, Air AI LLC converted to Air AI 
Technologies, Inc. Air AI transacts or has transacted business in this District and 
 6   
throughout the United States. At times relevant to this Complaint, acting alone or in 
concert with others, Air AI has advertised, marketed, distributed, or sold the Air AI 
Access Card and Licensing to consumers throughout the United States. 
15. Defendant Apex Holdings Group LLC (“Apex Holdings”) is an Arizona 
limited liability company with its principal place of business in Scottsdale, Arizona, with 
a mailing address listed as 4742 N 24th Street, Suite 300, Phoenix, Arizona 85016. Apex 
Holdings transacts or has transacted business in this District and throughout the United 
States. At times relevant to this Complaint, acting alone or in concert with others, Apex 
Holdings has advertised, marketed, distributed, or sold the Air AI Access Card and 
Licensing to consumers throughout the United States. Apex Holdings is the principal and 
organizer of corporate Defendant Apex Scaling LLC. 
16. Defendant Apex Scaling LLC (“Apex Scaling”), also doing business as Air 
AI and Scale 13, is an Arizona limited liability company with its principal place of 
business in Scottsdale, Arizona, with a mailing address listed as 4742 N 24th Street, Suite 
300, PMB #111, Phoenix, Arizona 85016. Apex Scaling transacts or has transacted 
business in this District and throughout the United States. At times relevant to this 
Complaint, acting alone or in concert with others, Apex Scaling has advertised, marketed, 
distributed, or sold the Air Access Card and Licensing to consumers throughout the 
United States. 
17. Defendant Apex 4 Kids LLC (“Apex 4 Kids”) is an Arizona limited 
liability company with its principal place of business in Scottsdale, Arizona, with a 
mailing address listed as 4742 N 24th Street, Suite 300, PMB #111, Phoenix, Arizona 
 7   
85016. Apex 4 Kids transacts or has transacted business in this District and throughout 
the United States. At times relevant to this Complaint, acting alone or in concert with 
others, Apex 4 Kids has advertised, marketed, distributed, or sold the Air AI Access Card 
and Licensing to consumers throughout the United States. 
18. Defendant New Life Capital LLC (“New Life Capital”) is an Arizona 
limited liability company with its principal place of business at 4742 N 24th Street, Suite 
300, Phoenix, Arizona 85016 with a mailing address listed as PO Box 111, Phoenix, 
Arizona 85016. New Life Capital transacts or has transacted business in this District and 
throughout the United States. At times relevant to this Complaint, acting alone or in 
concert with others, New Life Capital has advertised, marketed, distributed, or sold the 
Air AI Access Card and Licensing to consumers throughout the United States. 
19. Defendant Onyx Capital LLC (“Onyx Capital”) is an Arizona limited 
liability company with its principal place of business at 4742 N 24th Street, Suite 300, 
Phoenix, Arizona 85016 with a mailing address listed as PO Box 111, Phoenix, Arizona 
85016. Onyx Capital transacts or has transacted business in this District and throughout 
the United States. At times relevant to this Complaint, acting alone or in concert with 
others, Onyx Capital has advertised, marketed, distributed, or sold the Air AI Access 
Card and Licensing to consumers throughout the United States. 
20. Defendant Caleb Matthew Maddix (“Defendant Maddix”) is a managing 
member of Air AI, Apex Holdings, Apex Scaling, Apex 4 Kids, New Life Capital, and 
Onyx Capital (“Corporate Defendants”). At all times relevant to this Complaint, acting 
alone or in concert with others, he has formulated, directed, controlled, had the authority 
 8   
to control, or participated in the acts and practices of advertising, marketing, distributing, 
or selling the Air AI Access Card and Licensing to consumers throughout the United 
States, including the acts and practices described in this Complaint. 
21. Defendant Maddix resides in Maricopa County, Arizona, and in connection 
with the matters alleged herein, transacts or has transacted business in this District and 
throughout the United States. 
22. Defendant Ryan Paul O’Donnell (“Defendant O’Donnell”) is a managing 
member of the Corporate Defendants. At all times relevant to this Complaint, acting 
alone or in concert with others, he has formulated, directed, controlled, had the authority 
to control, or participated in the acts and practices of advertising, marketing, distributing, 
or selling the Air AI Access Card and Licensing to consumers throughout the United 
States, including the acts and practices described in this Complaint. 
23. Defendant O’Donnell resides in Fairfax County, Virginia, and in 
connection with the matters alleged herein, transacts or has transacted business in this 
District and throughout the United States. 
24. Defendant Thomas Matthew Lancer (“Defendant Lancer”) is a principal of 
Air AI. At all times relevant to this Complaint, acting alone or in concert with others, he 
has formulated, directed, controlled, had the authority to control, or participated in the 
acts and practices of advertising, marketing, distributing, or selling the Air AI Access 
Card and Licensing to consumers throughout the United States, including the acts and 
practices described in this Complaint.  
25. Defendant Lancer resides in Canyon County, Idaho, and in connection with 
 9   
the matters alleged herein, transacts or has transacted business in this District and 
throughout the United States. 
V. COMMON ENTERPRISE 
26. Corporate Defendants have operated as a common enterprise while 
engaging in the deceptive and unlawful acts and practices and other violations of law 
alleged below. Corporate Defendants have conducted the business practices described 
below through an interrelated network of companies that have common ownership, office 
locations, and commingled funds. 
27. Defendants Maddix and O’Donnell are principals for all six Corporate 
Defendants and are sole principals for Apex Holdings, Apex 4 Kids, and New Life 
Capital. They have signatory authority on corporate bank accounts for all Corporate 
Defendants. Defendants Maddix, O’Donnell and Lancer (“Individual Defendants”) are 
principals of Air AI, and Defendant Lancer has access to corporate credit cards for Air AI 
and Apex 4 Kids credit card accounts. 
28. All Corporate Defendants have shared at least one address, which they list 
in articles of incorporation as a principal place of business or mailing address: 4742 N 
24th Street, Suite 300, Phoenix, Arizona 85016. This address appears to be a co-working 
space offering monthly memberships, meeting rooms for reservation, and virtual offices. 
29. Certain Corporate Defendants also share employees. For example, at least 
one employee listed as a contractor for Air AI received payments from a bank account 
associated with Apex Scaling, had access to and made payments from a bank account 
associated with Apex 4 Kids, and had some Apex 4 Kids bank statements mailed to their 
 10   
home address. Moreover, Apex Holdings and Air AI shared at least a dozen 
“contractors.” 
30. In addition, Corporate Defendants engage in regular transfers of revenue 
between the common enterprise members, comingling over $23,631,000 between the 
corporate bank accounts. For example, a bank account for Air AI transferred nearly $14 
million to bank accounts for each Corporate Defendant and received funds from bank 
accounts associated with Apex Holdings, Apex Scaling, New Life Capital, and Onyx 
Capital.   
31. Because these Corporate Defendants, under the Individual Defendants’ 
direction, have operated as a common enterprise, each of them is liable for the acts and 
practices alleged below. 
VI. COMMERCE 
32. At all times relevant to this Complaint, Defendants have maintained a 
substantial course of trade in or affecting commerce, as “commerce” is defined in Section 
4 of the FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. § 44. 
VII. DEFENDANTS’ BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
A. Defendants’ Products and Services 
33. Defendants market and sell a set of goods and services (collectively 
“Services”): (1) a bundle of coaching and business education services, (2) a suite of 
business support software, and (3) resale Licensing for their software for sale to the 
public.  
34. Defendants typically refer to the coaching services and business support 
software collectively as the “Air AI Access Card” (or, sometimes, the “Air AI Program”), 
 11   
which they sell for prices ranging from $15,000 to $30,000. Licensing, which includes 
some coaching services, typically costs even more, with prices ranging from $25,000 to 
$100,000.  
35. Defendants started out selling the Air AI Access Card and related coaching 
services. But when they were unable to deliver the services they advertised, they also 
began marketing just the conversational AI (without some of the features included with 
the Air AI Access Card), as well as the Licensing Business Opportunity. 
i. Coaching Services 
36. Defendants claim that by using their coaching and other services, 
consumers will be able to make double or more what they spend purchasing Air AI in as 
little as three months, upward of tens of thousands of dollars. If not, Defendants promise 
a full refund. Defendants also claim that consumers have the potential of earning 
millions.  
37. Defendants assert that Air AI’s coaching program, at times referred to as 
“Scale 13,” will help consumers develop and market their own online coaching business.  
38. According to Defendants, their Air AI Access Card and Licensing Business 
Opportunity each provide access to a number of educational materials and promotional 
services, including the “Air AI training platform,” which encompasses “a library of 
internal processes and systems for operating and scaling a high-ticket business,” “[a]ccess 
to Air University 2.0, Air’s step-by-step guide to building and scaling systems,” “live 
group consulting calls with AIR AI’s internal team,” “live sales training with Air Ai’s 
sales team for you or your team,” and various other marketing and sales resources. 
 12   
39. Defendants promise “soup-to-nuts” training and support, such as a large 
team of dedicated tech representatives for each individual customer through a dedicated 
messaging platform channel, top-to-bottom support to build consumers’ coaching 
courses, and daily one-on-one coaching with the founders of Air AI. 
40. In reality, Defendants’ promised educational materials and support fall 
significantly short of the claims made in their marketing. Instead of the one-on-one 
coaching promised, consumers can access only group coaching calls where they have 
little opportunity to ask questions or receive individualized support. When questions are 
addressed, the answers do not typically solve problems, forcing consumers to waste their 
time attending more group calls.  
41. And while Defendants’ sales pitch claims consumers will receive coaching 
and technical assistance in dedicated messaging platform channels, Defendants often do 
not answer questions in those channels in a timely manner, if at all. As with the group 
coaching calls, when Defendants do respond, the advice and guidance that is provided 
frequently does not resolve consumer issues, making it difficult for consumers to use the 
Services they purchased. 
42. In part because they lacked critical guidance and in part because at least 
some consumers were required to finish one module before being permitted to view the 
next, some consumers found it impossible to complete the coaching program, let alone 
launch a business and bring in the revenue promised within the timeframes outlined in 
their contracts. There was no way to earn back their investment within three or six 
months – as promised by their money back guarantees – because it was exceedingly 
 13   
difficult to progress through the program that quickly, or at all.  
ii. Software Suite 
43. Defendants’ software suite, offered as part of the Air AI Access Card, 
professes to include four central features: (1) a “[l]ead maximizer and dialing platform” 
called “Max” that can purportedly autodial phone numbers for Air AI Access Card 
holders; (2) a “checkout and financing platform” called “Midas,” meant to connect the 
Air AI Access Card holder’s future customers with payment and financing options; (3) a 
purported “[a]nalytics platform and constraint finder” called “Sherlock”; and (4) a 
conversational AI technology sometimes called “Odin.”  
44. “Max” is a software platform that automatically dials phone numbers to 
place outbound calls.  
45. “Midas” acts as a checkout platform and loan lead generator and was 
supposed to match consumers’ future customers with loans from third-party lenders.  
46. Consumers were also promised access to or first notice upon the release of 
the “Sherlock” analytics tool, but the feature never materialized.  
47. Much of Defendants’ advertising focused on the conversational AI 
technology sometimes called “Odin,” claiming it would save consumers time, money, 
and effort by replacing existing or future sales representatives with AI agents. 
48. According to Defendants, their conversational AI technology can “have full 
on 10-40 minute long phone conversations that sound like a REAL human, with infinite 
memory, perfect recall, and can autonomously take actions across 5,000 plus 
applications” and “can do the entire job of a full time agent without having to be trained, 
 14   
managed or motivated.” Access, or future access, to this feature is included in the Air AI 
Access Card and is marketed as the core feature of the Licensing Business Opportunity. 
Defendants charge consumers by the minute for using the conversational AI technology. 
49. Defendants claim that their conversational AI is better than human sales 
representatives because it has “[z]ero ramp up time and can deliver above average 
performance out of the gate” and “requires zero management.” For example, in a 
marketing video, Defendants display the following screen highlighting the claimed 
efficiencies created by using AI instead of a human representative, including that AI 
“never fails to deliver consistent performance,” “[g]ets less expensive every year (yet 
better everyday [sic]),” and works “24/7.” 
50. But Defendants’ sweeping statements and representations about the 
capabilities of their conversational AI are overblown. As an initial matter, for some Air 
AI Access Card holders, the conversational AI technology was never available, even 
Average Rep 
X Clocks in and clocks out / takes vacations 
X Manual hiring process that requires time 
X Takes 3.2 months to ramp up and hit KPI' 
X Burnout/ lack of motivation/ inconsistency in 
performance 
X Requires training and management (and with that a 
management team) 
X Requires HR liability/ paying for benefits/ payroll 
taxes etc 
X More expensive every year when you factor in raises 
X Have to deal with churn & focus on retention . The 
average rep only stays at a company 1.5 years' 
X Costs $115,000 to replace 1 sales rep' 
1: bttas·//bloa btthsoor cam/sales/how·to-maoaae-a·hiah-aectorroina-sales·team. 
2: httos·/Jmeetmaestro com/bloas/the-cost-of-reolacina-a-sales-rep/ 
/fir 
✓ Works 24/7 and never takes time off 
✓ Can instantly hire 100,000 reps at the tap of a button 
✓ Zero ramp up time and can deliver above average 
performance out of the gate 
✓ Never burns out, always has great energy/attitude , and 
never fails to deliver consistent performance 
✓ Is constantly learning/training on it's own and requires 
zero management 
✓ Zero HR liability and doesn't require you to pay for 
benefits or payroll taxes 
✓ Gets less expensive every year (yet better everyday) 
✓ Zero churn & eliminates need to focus on retention 
✓ Because there's no churn you never have to pay to 
replace reps 
 15   
though Defendants promised to give these consumers “first notice” upon releasing the 
feature. 
51. And even when available, the conversational AI technology does not 
function as advertised. Instead, the technology is faulty, often not able to perform basic 
functions like placing outbound calls to businesses, scheduling appointments, taking 
down email addresses, or responding accurately to questions.  
52. Rather than a built-for-you solution that requires minimal effort, getting the 
conversational AI to function at all requires a substantial time commitment where 
consumers must pre-script answers for every potential question, making it nearly 
impossible to use. 
iii. Licensing Business Opportunity 
53. In addition to selling the Air AI Access Card, Defendants also offer a 
business opportunity that provides consumers with the option to purchase a License to 
use and resell “the world’s most sophisticated conversational AI” to other businesses. 
The Licensing Business Opportunity is supposed to include coaching, as well as support 
services, notably “a thousand pre vetted, qualified business owner leads.” 
54. Defendants claim that consumers can earn millions of dollars in income by 
referring and reselling their conversational AI technology to others, including by 
receiving a percentage of the revenue Defendants earn from AI calls placed by referred 
consumers. For example, Defendants claim that License holders could bring in a single 
business and get paid one million dollars a month, and that “we’ve organically had 
companies reach out to us that have over a hundred thousand reps. So if you had a rep 
 16   
like that, that’d be like ten million dollars a month paid out to you.” 
55. Defendants also claim that, because their conversational AI technology is 
both demonstrably and logically better than human sales representatives, it will be easy 
for consumers to resell because “The Easiest Thing on the Planet To Distribute Is a 
Product That is Cheaper Than the Alternative & Performs Exponentially Better.” 
However, due to the poor performance and quality of the conversational AI technology, 
many consumers who purchase the Licensing Business Opportunity are not able to resell 
it to anyone. 
56. For example, in an attempt to promote the conversational AI to a building 
company, one License-holding consumer tried for months to build out an AI test agent 
that could answer questions about a few different housing floor plans and schedule 
potential customers for follow-up meetings. After troubleshooting and working around 
numerous software flaws – including the AI agent reading portions of the script not 
intended to be said aloud, hanging up on consumers moments after they picked up the 
phone, and struggling to accurately transcribe even basic consumer information – the 
License-holding consumer found that the AI test agent would not stick to the script, and 
simply made-up answers when it was asked questions for which he had not supplied 
responses. He determined that he could not possibly present the product to the intended 
buyer because it would not work as advertised.  
 17   
B. Defendants’ Deceptive and High-Pressure Sales Funnel for Air Access Card and 
Licensing Business Opportunity 
57. Defendants’ sales funnel relies on a variety of misrepresentations – 
including earnings claims misrepresentations and misrepresentations related to refund 
guarantees.  
58. Defendants’ sales funnel consists of online and social media advertising, 
telephone calls, video presentations, text messages, and emails.  
59. Since at least 2023, Defendants have disseminated, or caused to be 
disseminated, advertising for their Services, beginning with ads related to the Air AI 
Access Card, including through social media ads, online videos, and their website.  
60. Some of Defendants’ online advertising has been focused on the business 
coaching element of the Air AI Access Card, promising that Defendants’ Services will 
help consumers develop, start, or grow a business. According to a consumer, one ad 
claimed that Defendants could rapidly triple a company’s income. 
61. Defendants also advertise their Licensing Business Opportunity. For 
example, some of Defendants’ advertising for a “VIP” edition of their Licensing included 
the ability to resell the conversational AI technology. 
62. Consumers who see Defendants’ advertising on social media or on 
Defendants’ website are invited to provide their contact information to receive more 
information about Air AI. 
63. Upon receiving consumer contact information, Defendants typically call 
consumers by telephone for initial sales and scheduling calls and/or “closing calls.”  
 18   
64. On these calls, Defendants may ask the consumer basic questions about 
their business or business idea, uniformly assuring them that they are a “perfect” 
candidate for Defendants’ Services.  
65. Defendants use high-pressure sales tactics, like claiming that they have 
only a limited number of Licenses to sell, and warning consumers that if they delay, they 
may miss out on the opportunity altogether.  
66. Defendants reassure consumers that, if the Services do not work out for 
them, consumers can receive a full refund. Defendants focus on this claim when 
consumers express concern about the cost or performance of the Services. 
67. During initial sales calls, Defendants typically instruct consumers to watch 
a video (“Precall Video”) before participating in a second sales call. Defendants are 
insistent that this Precall Video is a prerequisite for further closing phone calls, and 
follow-up to ensure that everyone watches the Precall Videos before their scheduled 
closing call. 
68. Defendants’ Precall Videos amount to an extended sales pitch, doubling 
down on misrepresentations about the earnings potential of Defendants’ Services, for 
example claiming that even if they signed up small “clients,” consumers could make ten 
thousand dollars a year in profit. 
69. Defendants’ deceptive claims extend to various written communications 
and materials, including text messages, emails that they send consumers throughout the 
sales funnel, and contracts. 
 19   
70. At times, Defendants also upsell their Licensing to consumers, even though 
consumers initially express interest only in the conversational AI feature advertised 
online.  
C. Defendants’ False Earnings Claims and Refund Guarantees Regarding the Air 
AI Access Card and Licensing Business Opportunity 
i. Defendants’ false earnings claims  
71. Defendants’ marketing is rife with unsubstantiated and false earnings 
claims designed to induce consumers to purchase their Services, guaranteeing financial 
success to consumers whether they purchased the Air Access Card or Licensing Business 
Opportunity.  
72. For example, throughout the sales funnel for the Air Access Card, 
Defendants have made the following claims: 
A. Stating on phone calls that consumers can make back the cost of 
Services – ranging from $15,000-$30,000 – very quickly; 
B. Stating on phone calls that consumers would get a full refund if they 
didn’t make back a $30,000 investment within three months; 
C. Stating in social media ads and marketing videos that Air Access 
Card holders will earn three times their current business income 
within a short period of time;  
D. Stating on phone calls that some consumers were making a million 
dollars a year using Defendants’ Services; 
E. Stating on phone calls that the cost of the program (in one instance, 
$30,000), was “nothing” compared to what consumers would make 
 20   
using Defendants’ Services and that consumers would be able to pay 
off any loans they took out to finance Defendants’ Services within a 
year; and 
F. Stating in contracts that they would provide consumers with access 
to bonus lessons, including “[h]ow we’d recoup our Air investment 
in 14 days.” 
73. In selling the Licensing Business Opportunity, Defendants made the 
following earnings claims, falsely implying that consumers could make similar amounts 
of money: 
A. Stating on phone calls that a recent License holder generated 
$450,000 in revenue in their first thirty days of holding a License, or 
that Licensees were making “hundreds of thousands of dollars;” 
B. In emails, providing links to alleged testimonials claiming “$0-
$300k in first month!” or “$0-$33k/m in 30 days” and links to 
“demos” purportedly showing “over $383,000 in sales in a single 
day;” 
C. Stating in marketing videos that consumers would receive access to 
a “client acquisition” system called “AirU” that has “allowed us to 
scale 6 out of 8 service based companies to over $1M/month” and 
that has “taken a company from $60 million a year to $100 million a 
year;” 
D. Stating in marketing videos that License holders could bring in a 
single business and get paid one million dollars a month: 
 21   
E. Showing alleged testimonials from other License holders in 
marketing videos that claim that individuals were making “$20k in 
three days, an extra $10k from this morning” or that individuals 
“have been signing $9600 everyday [sic]” and that someone 
“collected $79,620 in the past 30 days;” 
F. Stating in marketing videos that “worst case, if you decide to go in a 
different direction, you could just resell your license to someone else 
at breakeven – or even a large profit;” 
G. Stating in marketing videos that “our agency license holders are 
going to be extremely well compensated for their part in us 
achieving this vision;” 
H. Stating in marketing videos “on average every business you refer 
that deploys just ten reps, which this is a very, very, very, very, very 
small client, you get about ten thousand dollars a year in profit paid 
out to you;” 
And 12,000 Reps (Which There Are Single Businesses 
You Could Bring To The Platform That Could Deploy 
12k Reps) Is $1MM Every Single Month Paid Out To You 
 22   
I. Stating in marketing videos “we’ve organically had companies reach 
out to us that have over a hundred thousand reps. So if you had a rep 
like that, that’d be like ten million dollars a month paid out to you. 
But let’s see. If you brought something that was twelve thousand 
reps you'd be making a million dollars every single month forever 
based off that;” and 
J. Stating in marketing videos that Air AI was a “no brainer” because 
it’s a “10 x improvement on the bottom line.” 
74. Defendants’ claims are fantasy. In reality, most consumers do not make the 
promised money using the Air Access Card or Licensing and are not able to make tens of 
thousands of dollars a month as promised by Defendants. On information and belief, 
most consumers are not able to resell their Licenses. 
75. Instead, consumers are often left in debt after purchasing Defendants’ 
Services, with no means of redress. 
76. Defendants do not provide any written or audio disclosures or disclaimers 
limiting the representations made about earnings potential. 
ii. Defendants fail to honor refund guarantee  
77. Despite offering, as they claim, the “industry’s boldest” refund guarantee, 
Defendants very rarely honor their refund guarantee. 
78. During their sales calls, Defendants promise consumers that if the Services 
do not work out for them, the consumer will be refunded their entire purchase price.  
 23   
79. Defendants support these sales claims with contractual refund guarantees. 
The contract provisions often state that if a consumer does not make a certain amount of 
money using Defendants’ Services or does not accomplish a set goal within a certain 
period of time, they will be refunded their purchase price. Some consumers sign contracts 
offering a refund for “any reason at all.”  
80. For example, Defendants have guaranteed refunds for the Air AI Access 
Card if consumers did not double or triple their investment in Defendants’ Services 
within months, claiming in a clause titled “THE AIR AI GUARANTEE & 
EXPECTATIONS”:  
Air AI is backed by the industry’s boldest guarantee. Within 6 
months of joining the program (the “Starting Term”), the 
Client will have used Air AI to generate revenue equal to 
double or more of the initial cost of the Air Access Card. If 
not, Client will have the option to cancel their Air Access 
Card and forgo the Air platform upon which they will be 
refunded the full amount of their initial cost. Furthermore, 
Client may receive an unconditional refund within 72 hours 
of purchase for any reason. 
81. Contracts for Licensing included the following, or similar, buy-back or 
refund guarantees for consumers who meet certain criteria, for example placing a specific 
number of calls using the conversational AI: 
The License is backed by a results satisfaction guarantee. If 
Client is not satisfied with the performance of their agent or 
for any other reason at all, Client can receive a full buy back 
of the amount paid, but no sooner than 120 days after signing 
this Agreement…. This guarantee rests upon the premise that 
Air AI’s conversational AI will deliver results for the client, 
and is offered to remove any risk that it will not work for the 
client. 
 24   
82. Defendants focus on the refund guarantee when consumers express 
hesitance at the cost or performance of the Services, leading consumers to believe that 
their purchase is essentially “risk free.”  
83. In at least one instance, when a consumer became uncomfortable with his 
purchase and tried to cancel his contract with Defendants within 72 hours, as permitted 
by the contract, Defendants convinced the consumer not to cancel by pointing to their 
refund guarantee. 
84. Defendants’ blanket refund guarantee is usually false. Once consumers 
request a refund, Defendants string them along for months, promising refunds, claiming 
that funds are on the way, or that refunds will be issued as soon as they can.  
85. Some consumers are cut off from some or all of Defendants’ Services upon 
requesting a refund and are left waiting for their money back while unable to access the 
Services they paid for. 
86. Defendants even acknowledge that they are in no financial position to 
honor refunds when consumers continue to ask for their money. For example, in an email 
sent to several consumers in August 2024, Defendant O’Donnell explained: 
[O]ur company has come into some intense financial 
hardship. I mentioned before that we were looking to raise a 
large amount of outside capital and that it would hopefully 
put us in a better position.  
Sadly, our intense & persistent efforts to raise outside 
capital were not fruitful. 
This has led to us being in an even worse financial 
position than before and so I want to be fully transparent with 
you on where we are at now. 
We as owners have put 100% of our personal capital 
into keeping things afloat. We have spent 100% of our cash, 
 25   
maxed out our credit, and even given up our apartment to cut 
back. 
We have cut overhead aggressively and have been 
working as hard and fast as we can to get profit coming in so 
we can take care of all outstanding refunds. 
At this point, there IS a path ahead with one of the 
ventures we are working on. But at this current moment, we 
are not even close to profitable and we have spent every last 
dollar that we have as owners. We are completely out of cash 
at this moment. 
87. Despite claiming to be entirely without funds, Defendants continued to sell 
their Licensing Business Opportunity to consumers. As one consumer observed, he grew 
“concerned that they would just be raising money from other people like me to pay out 
my refund.” 
88. Defendants’ refusal to honor refunds, even for those consumers who meet 
the refund policy requirements, flies in the face of their repeated assurances to consumers 
that purchasing Defendants’ Services has no risk because of the refund guarantee.   
89. Instead of getting their money back, many consumers lose tens of 
thousands of dollars and are frequently left paying off loans, some of which were 
brokered by Defendants, for Services they can no longer use or access. 
D. Consumer Injury 
90. Defendants charge consumers thousands, if not tens or hundreds of 
thousands of dollars, for their Services.   
91. The prices for the Air AI Access Cards and Licenses vary, but usually 
exceed $10,000, with the price for Licensing reaching as high as $100,000. Defendants 
appear to set the price depending on a consumers’ ability to pay, extracting as much 
money from each individual consumer as possible. 
 26   
92. For example, for the Air AI Access Card, Defendants have charged from 
$15,000 to $20,000, and up to $30,000, depending on the consumer. On information and 
belief, higher costs do not entitle consumers to more or different features for the Air AI 
Access Card, and consumers were not presented with a tiered pricing system.  
93. When one consumer told Defendants that he would not be able to afford the 
$30,000 price tag on the Air AI Access Card, Defendants assured him that they believed 
in his business so much that they would help him take out a loan for $15,000 and allow 
him the pay the second $15,000 by paying Defendants a cut of his future sales. The 
consumer was never able to get his business off the ground and made no sales. He now 
believes that the price was reduced as a means of salvaging the sale and that Defendants 
never expected him to come up with the rest of the money.  
94. When a different consumer told Defendants that he couldn’t pay for the Air 
AI Access Card, Defendants convinced him to pay a “deposit” of $2,500, the only 
amount he could afford, and to get a loan for an additional $17,000. Defendants were able 
to convince the consumer to take on this significant debt by reiterating their promise of a 
refund guarantee, leading the consumer to believe that the purchase was low risk.  
95. Defendants convinced yet another consumer to take out a new credit card 
with a $4,500 credit limit, on top of the $15,000 personal loan she had already taken out. 
When she refused to spend the entirety of the $4,500 available credit on the Air AI 
Access Card, Defendants called and tried to negotiate with her, eventually convincing her 
to pay them an additional $1,000 using the credit card. 
 27   
96. For their Licensing, Defendants have charged anywhere from $9,800 up to 
$100,000. They have created a tiered pricing structure with purported benefits increasing 
the more a consumer pays.  
97. Regardless of the amount they are charged, many consumers cannot afford 
to pay for Defendants’ Services without going into debt, and many pay for the Services 
using one or more credit cards.  
98. For consumers who cannot afford to pay for the Services, Defendants offer 
loan options through their Midas financing platform. Defendants use Midas to broker 
loans and retail installment credit transactions they assign to various third-party lenders, 
arranging for loans with interest rates up to 24.99%.  
99. Ultimately, most consumers are not able to make any money using 
Defendants’ Services and lose thousands of dollars. 
E. Complaints and Prior Legal Action Against Defendants 
100. Consumers have posted extensive comments about Defendants on online 
platforms. For example, on the third-party review website “Trustpilot,” consumers have 
posted 78 negative one-star reviews about Defendants, compared to only three positive 
reviews.  
101. In 2024, at least four separate private plaintiffs filed actions against 
Defendants related to their deceptive and unlawful marketing and sales of their Services. 
In at least three instances, Defendants have defaulted in those lawsuits, all the while 
continuing to peddle their Services. 
 28   
102. Based on the facts and violations of law alleged in this Complaint, the FTC 
has reason to believe that Defendants are violating or are about to violate laws enforced 
by the Commission. 
VIII. VIOLATIONS OF THE FTC ACT 
103. Section 5(a) of the FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. § 45(a), prohibits “unfair or 
deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce.” 
104. Misrepresentations or deceptive omissions of material fact constitute 
deceptive acts or practices prohibited by Section 5(a) of the FTC Act.  
1. Count I. False and Unsubstantiated Earnings Claims (as to Air 
AI Access Card and Licensing Business Opportunity) 
105. In numerous instances in connection with the advertising, marketing, 
promotion, offering for sale, or sale of Defendants’ Services, Defendants represent, 
directly or indirectly, expressly or by implication, that their Services will help consumers 
achieve substantial earnings. 
106. In fact, in numerous instances in which Defendants have made the 
representations described in Paragraph 105, Defendants fail to deliver those substantial 
earnings. 
107. Therefore, Defendants’ representations as described in Paragraph 105 are 
false or misleading and constitute a deceptive act or practice in violation of Section 5(a) 
of the FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. § 45(a). 
 29   
2. Count II. Misrepresentations with Regard to Refund Guarantees 
(as to Air AI Access Card and Licensing Business Opportunity) 
108. In numerous instances in connection with the advertising, marketing, 
promotion, offering for sale, or sale of Defendants’ Services, Defendants represent or 
have represented, directly or indirectly, expressly or by implication, that consumers are 
protected by a refund or buy-back guarantee if they fail to earn threshold monetary 
amounts, or are otherwise dissatisfied. 
109. In fact, in numerous instances in which Defendants have made the 
representations described in Paragraph 108, Defendants have failed to refund consumers. 
110. Therefore, Defendants’ representations as described in Paragraph 108 are 
false or misleading and constitute a deceptive act or practice in violation of Section 5(a) 
of the FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. § 45(a). 
IX. VIOLATIONS OF THE TELEMARKETING SALES RULE REGARDING 
DEFENDANTS’ SALE OF AIR AI ACCESS CARDS 
111. In 1994, Congress directed the FTC to prescribe rules prohibiting abusive 
and deceptive telemarketing acts or practices pursuant to the Telemarketing Act, 15 
U.S.C. §§ 6101–6108. The FTC adopted the original TSR in 1995, extensively amended 
it in 2003, and amended certain sections thereafter. 
112. Defendants are “seller[s]” or “telemarketer[s]” engaging in “telemarketing” 
as defined by the TSR, 16 C.F.R. § 310.2(ee), (hh), and (ii). The TSR defines 
telemarketers as “any person who, in connection with telemarketing, initiates or receives 
telephone calls to or from a customer or donor.” 16 C.F.R. § 310.2(hh). The TSR defines 
“telemarketing” as “a plan, program, or campaign which is conducted to induce the 
 30   
purchase of goods or services or a charitable contribution, by use of one or more 
telephones and which involves more than one interstate telephone call.” 16 C.F.R. 
§ 310.2(ii). A “seller” under the TSR is “any person who, in connection with a 
telemarketing transaction, provides, offers to provide, or arranges for others to provide 
goods or services to the customer in exchange for consideration.” 16 C.F.R. § 310.2(ee). 
113. As alleged in Section VII.A. and B., Defendants initiated and received 
telephone calls to and from customers in connection with their plan or campaign to 
induce the purchase of their Services, including through interstate telephone calls. As part 
of their plan or campaign, they offered to provide their Services to customers in exchange 
for consideration.  
114. The TSR generally exempts certain inbound telephone calls from coverage 
under the Rule. See, e.g., 16 C.F.R. § 310.6(b)(5). However, inbound calls related to the 
sale of investment opportunities or that involve upsells are not exempt from the TSR. 16 
C.F.R. § 310.6(b)(5)(i) and (ii). Under the TSR, an investment opportunity “means 
anything, tangible or intangible, that is offered, offered for sale, sold, or traded based 
wholly or in part on representations, either express or implied, about past, present, or 
future income, profit, or appreciation.” 16 C.F.R. § 310.2(s) 
115. Defendants make outbound telemarketing calls to consumers. They also 
engage in the sale of investment opportunities when they make express or implied 
representations about future income or profit that their customers will be able to realize 
by purchasing Defendants’ Services. In some instances, Defendants also upsell customers 
to their Licensing. 
 31   
116. Under the TSR, telemarketers are prohibited from “[m]isrepresenting, 
directly or by implication, in the sale of goods or services … material information” 
including (1) “any material aspect of the performance, efficacy, nature, or central 
characteristics of goods or services that are the subject of a sales offer;” (2) “any material 
aspect of the nature or terms of the seller’s refund, cancellation, exchange, or repurchase 
policies;” and (3) “any material aspect of an investment opportunity including, but not 
limited to, risk, liquidity, earnings potential, or profitability.” 16 C.F.R. § 310.3(a)(2)(iii), 
(iv), and (vi). 
117. Pursuant to Section 3(c) of the Telemarketing Act, 15 U.S.C. § 6102(c), a 
violation of the TSR is treated as a violation of a rule promulgated under the FTC Act 
regarding unfair or deceptive acts or practices. 
118. Pursuant to Section 18(d)(3) of the FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. § 57a(d)(3), a 
violation of the TSR constitutes an unfair or deceptive act or practice in violation of 
Section 5(a) of the FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. § 45(a). 
1. Count III Telemarketing Violations (as to Air AI Access Cards) 
119. In numerous instances, Defendants have misrepresented, directly or by 
implication, material aspects of the performance, efficacy, nature, or central 
characteristics of their Services, material aspects of the nature or terms of Defendants’ 
refund, cancellation, or repurchase policies, or material aspects of the risk, earnings 
potential, or profitability of Defendants’ Services. 
 32   
120. Therefore, Defendants’ acts or practices as described in Paragraph 119 
violate the TSR, 16 C.F.R. § 310.3(a)(2)(iii), (iv), and (vi), and Section 5(a) of the FTC 
Act, 15 U.S.C. § 45(a). 
X. VIOLATIONS OF THE BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY RULE REGARDING 
DEFENDANTS’ SALE OF LICENSING BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
121. The amended Business Opportunity Rule, 16 C.F.R. Part 437, which was 
extended in scope to cover certain work-at-home opportunities, became effective on 
March 1, 2012. 
122. Defendants are “sellers” who, as described in Section VII.A. and B., have 
sold or offered to sell “business opportunities” as defined by the Business Opportunity 
Rule, 16 C.F.R. § 437.1(c) and (q).   
123. Under the Business Opportunity Rule, a “seller” is a person who offers for 
sale or sells a business opportunity. 16 C.F.R. § 437.1(q). Defendants offer to sell and sell 
business opportunities to consumers. 
124. Under the Rule, a “business opportunity” means a “commercial 
arrangement” in which a “seller solicits a prospective purchaser to enter into a new 
business;” the “prospective purchaser makes a required payment;” and the “seller, 
expressly or by implication, orally or in writing, represents that the seller or one or more 
designated persons will … [p]rovide outlets, accounts, or customers, including, but not 
limited to, Internet outlets, accounts, or customers, for the purchaser’s goods or 
services[.]” 16 C.F.R. § 437.1(c). Defendants sell consumers “business opportunities” 
when they sell their Licensing by soliciting consumers to enter into the business of 
reselling Defendants’ software and promising consumers leads.  
 33   
125. Among other things, the Business Opportunity Rule requires sellers to 
provide prospective purchasers with a disclosure document in the form and using the 
language set forth in the Business Opportunity Rule and its Appendix A, and any 
required attachments. In the disclosure document, the seller must disclose to prospective 
purchasers five categories of information, including: basic identifying information about 
the seller, any earnings claims the seller makes, the seller’s litigation history, any 
cancellation or refund policy the seller offers, and contact information of prior 
purchasers. 16 C.F.R. § 437.3(a)(1)–(5). Furthermore, this information must be disclosed 
at least seven (7) days before the prospective purchaser signs a contract or makes a 
payment. 16 C.F.R. § 437.2.   
126. The pre-sale disclosure of this information enables a prospective purchaser 
to contact prior purchasers and take other steps to assess the potential risks involved in 
the purchase of the business opportunity. 
127. Defendants do not provide consumers with disclosure documents as 
required by the Business Opportunity Rule. 
128. Defendants, as described in Paragraph 73(A)-(J), have made earnings 
claims in connection with the sale of their business opportunities, as defined by the 
Business Opportunity Rule, 16 C.F.R. § 437.1(f). Under the Business Opportunity Rule, 
an “earnings claim” means “any oral, written, or visual representation to a prospective 
purchaser that conveys, expressly or by implication, a specific level or range of actual or 
potential sales, or gross or net income or profits.” 16 C.F.R. § 437.1(f). 
 34   
129. The Business Opportunity Rule prohibits sellers from making earnings 
claims unless the seller: (1) has a reasonable basis for the claim at the time it is made; 
(2) has in its possession written materials to substantiate the claim at the time it is made; 
(3) furnishes an earnings claim statement to prospective purchasers in conjunction with 
the disclosure document, containing, among other things, information regarding the time 
frame captured by the earnings claim, the characteristics of the purchasers, and the 
number and percentage of all persons who purchased the business opportunity within the 
time frame who achieved at least the stated level of earnings; and (4) makes written 
substantiation of the earnings claim available to any prospective purchaser who requests 
it. 16 C.F.R. § 437.4(a). 
130. Defendants do not furnish earnings claims statements to customers.  
131. The Business Opportunity Rule also prohibits sellers from making certain 
misrepresentations, including about (1) the amount of sales, or gross or net income or 
profits a prospective purchaser may earn; and (2) any term or condition of the seller’s 
refund or cancellation policies. 16 C.F.R. § 437.6(d), (i), (k). Sellers are also prohibited 
from failing to provide refunds or cancellations when consumers meet the relevant terms 
and conditions. 16 C.F.R. § 437.6(l). 
132. Defendants, as described in Section VII.C., have misrepresented the 
amount of income or profits consumers may earn and their refund policies. They have 
also failed to refund consumers who met the refund guarantee criteria.  
 35   
133. Pursuant to Section 18(d)(3) of the FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. § 57a(d)(3), a 
violation of the Business Opportunity Rule constitutes an unfair or deceptive act or 
practice in violation of Section 5(a) of the FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. § 45(a). 
1. Count IV Business Opportunity Violations (as to Licensing 
Business Opportunities) 
134. In numerous instances, in connection with the offer for sale, sale, or 
promotion of business opportunities, Defendants have failed to furnish prospective 
purchasers with a disclosure document and any required attachments within the time 
period prescribed by the Business Opportunity Rule; made earnings claims to prospective 
purchasers without providing an earnings claim statement; and misrepresented (1) the 
amount of sales, income, or profits consumers could earn, and (2) terms or conditions of 
their refund or cancellation policies. Defendants also failed to refund consumers who met 
their refund terms and conditions.  
135. Therefore, Defendants’ acts or practices as described in Paragraph 134 
violate the Business Opportunity Rule, 16 C.F.R. §§ 437.2, 437.3(a), 437.4(a), 437.6(d), 
(i), (k) and (l), and Section 5(a) of the FTC Act, 15 U.S.C. § 45(a).  
XI. CONSUMER INJURY 
136. Consumers are suffering, have suffered, and will continue to suffer 
substantial injury as a result of Defendants’ violations of the FTC Act, the TSR, and the 
Business Opportunity Rule. Absent injunctive relief by this Court, Defendants are likely 
to continue to injure consumers and harm the public interest.   
 36   
XII. PRAYER FOR RELIEF 
Wherefore, the FTC requests that the Court: 
A. Enter a permanent injunction to prevent future violations of the FTC Act, 
the TSR, and the Business Opportunity Rule; 
B. Grant preliminary injunctive and ancillary relief;  
C. Award monetary and other relief within the Court’s power to grant; and 
D. Award any additional relief as the Court determines to be just and proper. 
Dated: August 25, 2025 
Respectfully submitted, 
/s/ Rebecca Plett 
 Rebecca Plett (V A Bar No. 90988, NC Bar 
No. 63273) 
Lauren Rivard (NY Reg. No. 5308192) 
Federal Trade Commission 
600 Pennsylvania Ave., NW,  
Mailstop CC-6316 
Washington, DC 20580 
Plett: (202) 326-3664 / rplett@ftc.gov 
Rivard: (202) 326-2450 / lrivard@ftc.gov 
Attorneys for Plaintiff 
Federal Trade Commission 
Case 2:25-cv-03068-SMB     Document 1     Filed 08/25/25     Page 36 of 36