

 16 CFR § 239.3 - “Satisfaction Guarantees” and similar representations in advertising; disclosure in advertising that mentions “satisfaction guarantees” or similar representations. | Electronic Code of Federal Regulations (e-CFR) | US Law | LII / Legal Information Institute

Please help us improve our site! 

 ×

 No thank you

 Skip to main content

 Cornell Law
 School
 Search
 Cornell

 Toggle navigation

 Please help
 us improve our site!

 Support Us!

 Search

 About
 LII

 Who We Are

 What We Do

 Who Pays For This

 Contact Us

 Get the
 law

 Constitution

 Supreme Court

 U.S. Code

 CFR

 Federal Rules

 Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure

 Federal Rules of Civil Procedure

 Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure

 Federal Rules of Evidence

 Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure

 U.C.C.

 Law by jurisdiction

 State law

 Uniform laws

 Federal law

 World law

 Lawyer directory

 Legal encyclopedia

 Business law

 Constitutional law

 Criminal law

 Family law

 Employment law

 Money and Finances

 More...

 Help out

 Give

 Sponsor

 Advertise

 Create

 Promote

 Join Lawyer Directory

LII

Electronic Code of Federal Regulations (e-CFR)

Title 16—Commercial Practices

CHAPTER I—FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION

SUBCHAPTER B—GUIDES AND TRADE PRACTICE RULES

PART 239—GUIDES FOR THE ADVERTISING OF WARRANTIES AND GUARANTEES

§ 239.3 “Satisfaction Guarantees” and similar representations in advertising; disclosure in advertising that mentions “satisfaction guarantees” or similar representations.

 16 CFR § 239.3 - “Satisfaction Guarantees” and similar representations in advertising; disclosure in advertising that mentions “satisfaction guarantees” or similar representations. 

 CFR 

prev | next

§ 239.3 “Satisfaction Guarantees” and similar representations in advertising; disclosure in advertising that mentions “satisfaction guarantees” or similar representations.

(a) A seller or manufacturer should use the terms “Satisfaction Guarantee,” “Money Back Guarantee,” “Free Trial Offer,” or similar representations in advertising only if the seller or manufacturer, as the case may be, refunds the full purchase price of the advertised product at the purchaser's request.

(b) An advertisement that mentions a “Satisfaction Guarantee” or a similar representation should disclose, with such clarity and prominence as will be noticed and understood by prospective purchasers, any material limitations or conditions that apply to the “Satisfaction Guarantee” or similar representation.

Examples:

These examples are for both print and broadcast advertising. These examples are illustrative, not exhaustive.

Example A:

(In an advertisement mentioning a satisfaction guarantee that is conditioned upon return of the unused portion within 30 days) “We guarantee your satisfaction. If not completely satisfied with Acme Spot Remover, return the unused portion within 30 days for a full refund.”

Example B:

(In an advertisement mentioning a money back guarantee that is conditioned upon return of the product in its original packaging) “Money Back Guarantee! Just return the ABC watch in its original package and ABC will fully refund your money.”

 CFR Toolbox

 Law about... Articles from Wex

 Table of Popular Names

 Parallel Table of Authorities

 Accessibility

 About LII

 Contact us

 Advertise here

 Help

 Terms of use

 Privacy

