

=== page 1 ===
 
 
 
 
 
Messaging Principles and Best Practices 
 
 
May 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  


=== page 2 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
2 
 
Table of Contents 
1 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 1 
2 SCOPE 2 
2.1 Purpose 2 
2.2 Wireless Messaging Services 2 
2.3 Scope, Limitations, & Disclaimer of Legal Guidance or Advice 3 
3 WIRELESS MESSAGING ECOSYSTEM 4 
3.1 Background 4 
3.2 The Evolving Wireless Messaging Ecosystem 4 
3.3 Messaging Ecosystem Roles 5 
3.3.1 CONSUMER 5 
3.3.2 NON-CONSUMER 5 
3.3.3 WIRELESS FACILITIES-BASED SERVICE PROVIDERS (WIRELESS PROVIDERS) 5 
3.3.4 MOBILE VIRTUAL NETWORK OPERATORS (MVNOS) 5 
3.3.5 CLOUD-BASED PROVIDERS 6 
3.3.6 INTER-CARRIER VENDORS (ICVS) 6 
3.3.7 CONNECTION AGGREGATORS 6 
3.3.8 COMPETITIVE LOCAL EXCHANGE CARRIERS (CLECS) 6 
3.3.9 REGISTRARS 6 
3.3.10 NETWORK SECURITY VENDORS 6 
3.3.11 SERVICE PROVIDERS 6 
3.3.12 MESSAGE SENDER OR SENDER 6 
4 CONSUMER / NON-CONSUMER TRAFFIC CLASSIFICATION 8 
4.1 Consumer Messaging 8 
4.1.1 WHAT IS TYPICAL CONSUMER OPERATION? 8 
4.1.2 CONSUMER MESSAGING AUTOMATION 9 
4.2 Non-Consumer Messaging 9 
5 NON-CONSUMER BEST PRACTICES 10 
5.1 Consumer Consent 10 
5.1.1 MESSAGE SENDERS SHOULD PROVIDE CLEAR AND CONSPICUOUS CALLS-TO-
ACTION 11 
5.1.2 CONSUMER OPT-IN 11 
5.1.2.1 Confirm Opt-In for Recurring Messages 12 
5.1.2.2 Apply One Opt-In per Campaign 13 
5.1.3 CONSUMER OPT-OUT 13 
5.1.4 RENTING, SELLING, OR SHARING OPT-IN LISTS 13 
5.1.5 MAINTAIN AND UPDATE CONSUMER INFORMATION 13 
5.2 Privacy and Security 14 

=== page 3 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
3 
 
5.2.1 MAINTAIN AND CONSPICUOUSLY DISPLAY A CLEAR, EASY-TO-UNDERSTAND 
PRIVACY POLICY 14 
5.2.2 IMPLEMENT REASONABLE PHYSICAL, ADMINISTRATIVE, AND TECHNICAL SECURITY 
CONTROLS TO PROTECT AND SECURE CONSUMER INFORMATION 14 
5.2.3 CONDUCT REGULAR SECURITY AUDITS 14 
5.3 Content 14 
5.3.1 PREVENTION OF UNLAWFUL ACTIVITIES OR DECEPTIVE, FRAUDULENT, UNWANTED, OR 
ILLICIT CONTENT 14 
5.3.2 EMBEDDED WEBSITE LINKS 15 
5.3.3 EMBEDDED PHONE NUMBERS 15 
5.4 Text-Enabling a Telephone Number for Non-Consumer Messaging 15 
5.5 Other Non-Consumer Message Best Practices 15 
5.5.1 SHARED TELEPHONE NUMBERS AND SHORT CODES 15 
5.5.2 SNOWSHOE MESSAGING 15 
5.5.3 GREY ROUTES 16 
5.5.4 COMMON SHORT CODES 16 
5.5.5 PROXY NUMBERS 16 
5.5.6 TEXT-ENABLED TOLL-FREE TELEPHONE NUMBERS 17 
5.5.6.1 Authority to Text-Enable Rests with the Toll-Free Voice 
Subscriber 17 
5.5.6.2 Transparency to Resp Orgs 17 
5.5.6.3 Special Considerations for Shared-Use Toll-Free Telephone 
Numbers 17 
6 SPECIAL USE CASES 19 
6.1 Group Messaging 19 
6.2 Spoofing Telephone Numbers 19 
6.3 Registries 19 
7 UNWANTED MESSAGING TRAFFIC THREAT CONTAINMENT 20 
7.1 Core Principles 20 
7.2 Unwanted Messaging Traffic Containment Best Practices 20 
7.2.1.1 Consumer Tools for Blocking or Filtering 20 
7.2.1.2 Reporting Unwanted Messaging Traffic 21 
7.2.2 COMMUNICATION AMONG SERVICE PROVIDERS 21 
7.2.3 BLOCKING UNWANTED MESSAGES AND SENDERS 21 
7.2.4 SUSPENDING AND DISCONNECTING UNWANTED MESSAGING TRAFFIC 21 
7.2.5 TRANSPARENCY OF TRAFFIC 21 
7.2.6 MITIGATING UNWANTED MESSAGE ISSUES 21 
7.2.7 NETWORK OPERATIONS CENTER 21 
 
 

=== page 4 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 1 of 22  
   
1 Executive Summary 
The Messaging Principles and Best Practices (Principles and Best Practices) are a set of 
voluntary best practices developed by CTIA’s member companies throughout the 
wireless messaging ecosystem.   
Messaging’s popularity is largely attributable to its status as a trusted and convenient 
communications environment.  These Principles and Best Practices are intended to 
reflect the wireless industry’s efforts to preserve the trust in and utility of Wireless 
Providers’ messaging services and help protect Consumers from Unwanted Messages.  
They identify parameters for facilitating the exchange via transmission, storage, and 
retrieval (exchange) of messages via Wireless Provider messaging networks.  
Throughout these Principles and Best Practices, messages are categorized as either 
Consumer or Non-Consumer messaging depending on the Message Sender.  The prior 
version of these Principles and Best Practices used the terms “Consumer (P2P)” and 
“Non-Consumer (A2P).”  Some Wireless Providers may still use the legacy terms as part 
of their efforts to support a trusted messaging environment.  The current definitions for 
Consumer and Non-Consumer are included in Section 3.3.     
As explained in the definitions for these terms in Section 3.3, if the Message Sender is a 
business, organization, or other entity – or an agent, representative, or other individual 
acting on behalf of a business, organization, or other entity – the messaging is 
considered Non-Consumer.  There are specific Principles and Best Practices that apply 
to Consumer messaging and others that apply to Non-Consumer messaging (e.g., Non-
Consumers are expected to obtain a Consumer’s consent before sending them 
messages).  
The objectives of this document are to support a robust and dynamic wireless 
messaging community where: 
• Consumers can exchange wanted messages with other Consumers; 
• Message Senders and Consumers can exchange wanted messages; and 
• Consumers are protected from Unwanted Messages, in conformity with 
applicable laws and regulations, such as the United States’ Telephone 
Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) and the Controlling the Assault of Non-
Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003 (CAN-SPAM Act). 
 

=== page 5 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 2 of 22  
   
2 Scope 
2.1 Purpose 
The Principles and Best Practices are intended primarily for entities operating in the 
wireless messaging ecosystem to facilitate innovation and the use of wireless messaging 
while protecting Consumers from Unwanted Messages.  The Principles and Best 
Practices may also help inform Consumers about wireless messaging services and 
anyone with an interest in the wireless messaging ecosystem.  
These Principles and Best Practices represent an important further step in the wireless 
industry’s effort to support new uses and business opportunities in wireless messaging 
services while maintaining protections for Consumers from Unwanted Messages.  In 
particular, these Principles and Best Practices are intended to demonstrate Wireless 
Providers’ efforts to balance the exchange of messaging traffic for, among other 
reasons, public interest purposes – including for example political, educational, 
emergency, and non-profit purposes – while continuing to protect Consumers from 
Unwanted Messages.  By establishing clear parameters and guidelines, these Principles 
and Best Practices encourage Message Senders to maintain Consumer trust and 
confidence in Consumer services and support the adoption of innovative Non-
Consumer services.   
This version of the Principles and Best Practices replaces the 2019 CTIA Messaging 
Principles and Best Practices in order to further clarify expectations among wireless 
messaging ecosystem stakeholders for identifying Consumer and Non-Consumer 
messaging (as defined in Section 3.3) and establish clear guidelines for Non-Consumer 
messages.  
Although the specific technical and operational details required for Service Provider 
implementation are beyond the scope of this document, the Principles and Best 
Practices acknowledge that Service Provider implementation will be an ongoing and 
iterative process that continues to evolve as new use cases arise. These Principles and 
Best Practices are meant to supplement, and not replace, CTIA’s Common Short Code 
Monitoring Handbook.   
In addition to these Principles and Best Practices, Non-Consumers should consult CTIA’s 
Messaging Security Best Practices, which describe security-related best practices that 
Message Senders, Service Providers, and other entities participating in the wireless 
messaging ecosystem may use to address common threat vectors that can undermine 
Consumers’ trust in the wireless messaging ecosystem.  
2.2 Wireless Messaging Services 
The Principles and Best Practices primarily address wireless messaging services that use 
10-digit telephone numbers assigned from the NANP as the unique identifier for the 
sender and/or recipient(s) of individual or group messages.  Generally, wireless 

=== page 6 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 3 of 22  
   
messages are exchanged between 10-digit NANP telephone numbers via Wireless 
Providers’ messaging networks.  These messaging services include: 
• Short Message Service (SMS);  
• Multimedia Messaging Service (MMS); and  
• Rich Communications Services (RCS). 
As described in Section 5.5 below, a five- or six-digit number known as a short code can 
also be used to exchange wireless messages via Wireless Providers’ messaging 
networks.  While these Principles and Best Practices should be interpreted consistent 
with CTIA’s Common Short Code Monitoring Handbook, Message Senders that use a 
common short code (CSC) should adhere to the terms of those services as described in 
the Common Short Code Monitoring Handbook and individual wireless providers’ terms 
of use. 
The messaging ecosystem also includes cloud-based services that require the use of a 
separate messaging client (e.g., an app) that is distinct from and does not interoperate 
with Wireless Providers’ messaging networks.  These Principles and Best Practices are 
intended to apply to messaging services that only interoperate between cloud-based 
platforms and Wireless Providers’ messaging networks using the applicable services, 
such as SMS, MMS, or RCS.  
2.3 Scope, Limitations, & Disclaimer of Legal Guidance or Advice 
CTIA’s Principles and Best Practices do not constitute or convey legal advice and 
should not be used as a substitute for obtaining legal advice from qualified counsel.  
Use of and access to the Principles and Best Practices or any of the links contained 
herein do not create an attorney-client relationship with CTIA and the user.   
Messaging services may be subject to a number of legal requirements, including for 
example those established under the TCPA; the CAN-SPAM Act; the Communications 
Act of 1934, as amended; the Federal Trade Commission Act; and implementing 
regulations and decisions adopted by the Federal Communications Commission and 
Federal Trade Commission.1  Anyone using these Principles and Best Practices should 
consider obtaining legal and regulatory advice prior to taking any action related to the 
use of messaging services.   
As a set of voluntary best practices, CTIA’s Principles and Best Practices do not impose, 
prescribe, or require contractual or technical implementation on messaging ecosystem 
stakeholders, including Service Providers.  Due to contractual, technical, or other 
practical factors, methods of implementing the Principles and Best Practices may vary 
among stakeholders.  Stakeholders may choose to implement modified and additional 
requirements through their individual guidelines, policies, and contracts. 
 
1 See, e.g., FCC, Petitions for Declaratory Ruling on Regulatory Status of Wireless Messaging 
Service, Declaratory Ruling, 33 FCC Rcd 12075 (2018); FCC, Text-Enabled Toll Free Numbers, 
Declaratory Ruling and Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, 33 FCC Rcd 2438 (2018). 

=== page 7 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 4 of 22  
   
3 Wireless Messaging Ecosystem 
3.1 Background 
In the late 1990s, wireless text messaging evolved to include two-way Consumer-to-
Consumer traffic using 10-digit NANP telephone numbers.  Wireless Providers’ messaging 
systems were not interoperable – a subscriber could only communicate with other 
subscribers of the same Wireless Provider.  In the early 2000s, CTIA established the SMS 
Interoperability Guidelines, which provided industry standards for SMS interoperation 
among mobile networks.  Today, wireless messaging services have become a 
convenient and trusted communication tool for Consumers and, increasingly, enterprise 
users. 
In the early 2000s, CTIA and other messaging ecosystem stakeholders developed the 
short code platform (i.e., five- or six-digit codes) to enable the appropriate use of bulk 
wireless messages (e.g., wireless messaging campaigns).  Wireless Providers’ 
combination of upfront vetting and ongoing auditing allows high-volume messaging 
campaigns while minimizing the risk that short codes will be used to distribute Unwanted 
Messages.  
In 2009 and again in 2011, CTIA and messaging ecosystem stakeholders expanded the 
SMS Interoperability Guidelines to guide how non-mobile networks and cloud-based 
services could exchange SMS message traffic with mobile wireless networks.  In 2014, 
CTIA and messaging stakeholders also revised the SMS Interoperability Guidelines to 
account for group messaging and text-enabled toll-free telephone numbers.  As noted 
above, this version of the Principles and Best Practices replaces the 2019 CTIA 
Messaging Principles and Best Practices, which also replaced the SMS Interoperability 
Guidelines.  
These efforts have shared a common goal of maintaining and enhancing a dynamic, 
competitive wireless messaging ecosystem while protecting Consumers from Unwanted 
Messages.   
3.2 The Evolving Wireless Messaging Ecosystem  
Messaging to 10-digit NANP telephone numbers has enabled Consumers to 
communicate generally with each other and with organizations in a low-volume, 
conversational manner.  The wireless messaging ecosystem has strived to enable such 
low-volume, Consumer-oriented communications while simultaneously seeking to inhibit 
Unwanted Messages from reaching Consumers.   
Messaging’s popularity among Consumers is largely attributable to its status as a trusted 
and convenient wireless communications environment.  Messaging is also an 
increasingly attractive platform to reach Consumers because of its broad adoption by 
Consumers and Consumers’ ability to retrieve messages when convenient and to store 
them as desired.   

=== page 8 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 5 of 22  
   
In addition to well-established short code services, the Non-Consumer messaging 
ecosystem today includes two-way messaging traffic from 10-digit NANP telephone 
numbers.  This messaging traffic may feature diverse characteristics (e.g., low or high 
volumes, balanced or imbalanced ratios of outgoing to incoming messages) and may 
serve conversational, informational, or promotional purposes.  Regardless of the traffic’s 
characteristics or purpose, these advances pose threats to Consumers if Unwanted 
Messages negatively impact the role of messaging as a trusted and convenient wireless 
communications medium.  To protect Consumers from Unwanted Messages, Service 
Providers deploy filters and other tools that limit messaging traffic bearing the 
characteristics of Unwanted Messages.  Section 7 of these Principles and Best Practices 
describes some of the principles that messaging ecosystem stakeholders should utilize 
to contain Unwanted Messaging traffic.   
3.3 Messaging Ecosystem Roles 
The messaging ecosystem comprises many stakeholders working together to create, 
route, deliver, store, retrieve, and consume messages.2  
3.3.1 Consumer 
A Consumer is an individual person who subscribes to specific wireless messaging 
services or messaging applications.  Consumers do not include agents, representatives, 
or any other individuals acting on behalf of Non-Consumers, including businesses, 
organizations, political campaigns, or entities that send messages to Consumers. 
3.3.2 Non-Consumer 
A Non-Consumer is a business, organization, or entity that uses messaging to 
communicate with Consumers.  Examples include, but are not limited to, large-to-small 
businesses, financial institutions, schools, medical practices, customer service entities, 
non-profit organizations, and political campaigns.  Non-Consumers also include agents, 
representatives, or any other individuals acting on behalf of Non-Consumers. 
3.3.3 Wireless Facilities-Based Service Providers (Wireless Providers) 
Wireless Providers own and operate radio, telephone, and data networks and offer 
Consumers a wide variety of wireless communications products and services, including 
wireless messaging services such as SMS, MMS, and RCS.  
3.3.4 Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNOs) 
MVNOs are wireless Service Providers that do not own the network infrastructure over 
which they provide services.  Instead, MVNOs resell network services maintained by one 
or more Wireless Providers.  
 
2 As noted above, the prior version of these Principles and Best Practices used the terms 
“Consumer (P2P)” and “Non-Consumer (A2P).”  Some Wireless Providers may still use the legacy 
terms as part of their efforts to support a trusted messaging environment.  The current definitions 
for Consumer and Non-Consumer are included in Section 3.3.   

=== page 9 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 6 of 22  
   
3.3.5 Cloud-Based Providers 
Cloud-Based Providers enable services like voice and messaging to end-users using 
over-the-top IP connectivity or through interoperability with wireless carrier-networked 
services, including wireless messaging.  Some Cloud-Based Providers offer an API to 
access wireless services, while others offer standalone applications.  
3.3.6 Inter-Carrier Vendors (ICVs) 
Also called Hub Providers, ICVs act as hubs to facilitate interoperability by transporting 
messaging traffic between multiple Wireless Providers and Cloud-Based Providers.  
3.3.7 Connection Aggregators 
Connection Aggregators offer a variety of value-added services to enterprise 
customers, including messaging connectivity with multiple Wireless Providers.  Unlike 
ICVs, Connection Aggregators do not typically support inter-carrier peering traffic. 
3.3.8 Competitive Local Exchange Carriers (CLECs) 
In the messaging ecosystem, CLECs provide 10-digit NANP telephone numbers and 
traffic routing services to Cloud-Based Providers.  
3.3.9 Registrars 
Registrars operate databases of telephone numbers and databases of the associated 
Communications Provider or Providers enabling wireless messaging service to those 10-
digit NANP telephone numbers (e.g., CLEC, Wireless Provider, Cloud-Based Provider).  
The databases establish a record of 10-digit NANP telephone number resources used to 
support the effective exchange of wireless messages.  Registrars’ customers include 
CLECs, Wireless Providers, ICVs, Cloud-Based Providers, and enterprises.  
3.3.10 Network Security Vendors 
Network Security Vendors provide solutions that enable Wireless Providers, Cloud-Based 
Providers, and ICVs to identify Unwanted Messaging traffic.  These solutions deliver a 
variety of network security features, including spam containment and management. 
3.3.11 Service Providers 
Service Providers refers to any of the parties identified in Section 3.3 that offer 
messaging services or messaging-related services to Consumers or Non-Consumers 
using 10-digit NANP telephone numbers or short codes, including Wireless Providers, 
MVNOs, Cloud-Based Providers, and CLECs. 
3.3.12 Message Sender or Sender 
A Message Sender or Sender is any Service Provider or Non-Consumer that originates or 
transmits message traffic. 
3.3.13 Unwanted Messages 
Unwanted Messages (or Unwanted Messaging) may include unsolicited bulk 
commercial messages (i.e., spam); “phishing” messages intended to access private or 
confidential information through deception; other forms of abusive, harmful, malicious, 
unlawful, or otherwise inappropriate messages; messages that required an opt-in but 

=== page 10 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 7 of 22  
   
did not obtain such opt-in (or such opt-in was revoked); and unwanted content noted 
in Content (Section 5.3). 
 
 
 
 

=== page 11 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 8 of 22  
   
4 Consumer / Non-Consumer Traffic Classification 
4.1 Consumer Messaging 
Consumer messaging is sent by a Consumer to one or more Consumers.  Consumer 
messaging is uniquely originated from a single 10-digit NANP telephone number or 
chosen at the direction of the Consumer to a limited number of unique Consumer 
recipients.  Consumer messaging is generally conversational, and an incoming 
message typically generates a response from the recipient.  Consumer messaging does 
not involve substantially repetitive messages or exhibit characteristics of Unwanted 
Messaging traffic.    
4.1.1 What is Typical Consumer Operation? 
Exhibit I outlines the attributes of typical Consumer operation.  These attributes are 
illustrative of (but do not determine whether messaging constitutes) Consumer 
messaging.3  To determine whether messaging traffic qualifies as Consumer or Non-
Consumer messaging traffic, Message Senders should review Sections 3.3.1 (Consumer), 
3.3.2 (Non-Consumer), 4.1 (Consumer Messaging), and 4.2 (Non-Consumer Messaging). 
Exhibit I Attributes of Typical Consumer Operation 
In addition to being from a Consumer to one or more Consumers, Consumer messaging generally will feature the 
following attributes. 
 ATTRIBUTE NOTES 
Throughput 15 to 60 messages per 
minute 
A Consumer is typically not able to originate or 
receive more than about one message per 
second. 
Volume 1,000 per day 
 
Only in unusual cases do Consumers send or 
receive more than a few hundred messages in 
a day. A Consumer also cannot typically  send 
or receive messages continuously over a long 
period of time. 
Unique Sender 1 telephone number 
assigned to or utilized 
by a single Consumer 
A single Consumer typically originates 
messages from a single telephone number.  
Unique Recipients 100 distinct 
recipients/telephone 
numbers per message 
A Consumer typically sends messages to  a 
limited number of recipients (e.g., 10 unique 
recipients). 
 
3 For example, Non-Consumers increasingly use messaging technologies that enable them to 
easily send different types of messaging content to Consumers (e.g., conversational messaging).  
While this messaging traffic may satisfy the throughput, volume, and balance thresholds that are 
consistent with typical consumer operation, it would qualify as Non-Consumer messaging traffic 
because it is sent by a Non-Consumer (see Section 4.2).   

=== page 12 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 9 of 22  
   
Balance 1:1 ratio of outgoing to 
incoming messages 
per telephone number 
with some latitude in 
either direction 
Consumer messages are typically 
conversational. An incoming message typically 
generates a response from the recipient.  
Repetition 25 Repetitive 
Messages  
Consumer messages are uniquely originated or 
chosen at the direction of the Consumer  to 
unique recipients. Typical Consumer behavior is 
not to send essentially or substantially repetitive 
messages.   
4.1.2 Consumer Messaging Automation 
Some Consumers utilize automation to assist in responding to communications.  For 
example, a Consumer may direct their messaging service to auto-reply to a phone call 
in order to inform the caller about the Consumer’s status (e.g., “I’m busy” or “Driving 
now, can’t talk”).  Such use of automation to assist Consumers in their composition and 
sending of messages falls within the attributes of typical Consumer operation.  In 
contrast, automation in whole or in part used by a Non-Consumer to facilitate 
messaging is not typical Consumer operation.  
4.2 Non-Consumer Messaging 
Non-Consumer messaging is sent by or to a Non-Consumer.  Non-Consumer message traffic 
includes, but is not limited to, messaging to and from large-to-small businesses, entities, and 
organizations, including political campaigns.  For example, Non-Consumer messages may 
include messages sent to multiple Consumers from a business or its agents, messages 
exchanged with a customer service response center, service alerts or notifications (e.g., 
fraud, airline), and machine-to-machine communications.  Non-Consumer Message Senders 
also include financial service providers, schools, medical practices, customer service entities, 
non-profit organizations, and political campaigns or organizations.  Specifically, such 
Message Senders should adhere to the Non-Consumer Best Practices as described in this 
document (see Section 5).  
Protecting Consumers from Unwanted Messages, particularly from high-volume 
messaging traffic, is a key consensus-based goal among messaging ecosystem 
stakeholders.  Having clear parameters around Consumer traffic will help facilitate the 
continued deployment of Non-Consumer services consistent with protecting networks 
and Consumers.  Individualized arrangements and close collaboration among 
messaging ecosystem stakeholders creates an environment for the successful 
deployment of Non-Consumer messaging.  

=== page 13 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 10 of 22  
   
5 Non-Consumer Best Practices 
5.1 Consumer Consent 
The messaging ecosystem should operate consistent with relevant laws and regulations, 
such as the TCPA and associated FCC regulations regarding Consumer consent for 
communications.  Regardless of whether these rules apply and to maintain Consumer 
confidence in messaging services, Non-Consumer Message Senders are expected to: 
• Obtain a Consumer’s consent to receive messages generally; 
• Obtain a Consumer’s express written consent to specifically receive marketing 
messages; and 
• Ensure that Consumers have the ability to revoke consent. 
 
The table below provides examples of the types of messaging content and the 
associated level of consent. The examples below do not constitute or convey legal 
advice and should not be used as a substitute for obtaining legal advice from qualified 
counsel.   
 
Exhibit II: Types of Messaging Content & Associated Consent Principles 
Conversational Informational Promotional 
Conversational messaging is a 
back-and-forth conversation 
that takes place via text. If a 
Consumer texts a Non-Consumer 
first and the Non-Consumer 
responds quickly with a single 
message, then it is likely 
conversational. If the Consumer 
initiates the conversation and 
the Non-Consumer simply 
responds, then no additional 
permission is expected. 
 
Informational messaging is when 
a Consumer gives their phone 
number to a Non-Consumer and 
asks to be contacted in the 
future. Appointment reminders, 
welcome texts, and alerts fall 
into this category because the 
first text sent by the business 
fulfills the Consumer’s request. A 
Consumer needs to agree to 
receive texts for a specific 
informational purpose when they 
give the Non-Consumer their 
mobile number. 
 
Promotional messaging is a 
message sent that contains a 
sales or marketing promotion. 
Adding a call-to-action (e.g., a 
coupon code to an informational 
text) may place the message in 
the promotional category. Before 
a Non-Consumer sends 
promotional messages, the 
Consumer should agree in writing 
to receive promotional texts.  
Non-Consumers that already ask 
Consumers to sign forms or submit 
contact information can add a 
field to capture the Consumer’s 
consent. 
First message is only sent by a 
Consumer 
Two-way conversation 
Message responds to a specific 
request 
First message is sent by the 
Consumer or Non-Consumer 
One-way alert or two-way 
conversation 
Message contains information 
First message is sent by the Non-
Consumer 
One-way alert 
Message promotes a brand, 
product, or service 

=== page 14 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 11 of 22  
   
 Prompts Consumer to buy 
something, go somewhere, or 
otherwise take action 
IMPLIED CONSENT 
If the Consumer initiates the text 
message exchange and the 
Non-Consumer only responds 
with relevant information, then 
no verbal or written permission is 
expected. 
 
EXPRESS CONSENT 
The Consumer should give 
express permission before a Non-
Consumer sends them a text 
message. Consumers may give 
permission over text, on a form, 
on a website, or verbally. 
Consumers may also give written 
permission. 
 
EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT 
The Consumer should give 
express written permission before 
a Non-Consumer sends them a 
text message. Consumers may 
sign a form, check a box online, 
or otherwise provide consent to 
receive promotional text 
messages.  
 
 
Individual Service Providers may adopt additional Consumer protection measures for 
Non-Consumer Message Senders, which may include, for example, campaign pre-
approval, Service Provider vetting, in-market audits, or Unwanted Message filtering 
practices that are tailored to facilitate the exchange of wanted messaging traffic. 
5.1.1 Message Senders Should Provide Clear and Conspicuous Calls-to-Action  
A “Call-to-Action” is an invitation to a Consumer to opt-in to a messaging campaign.  
The Call-to-Action for a single-message program can be simple.  The primary purpose of 
disclosures is to ensure that a Consumer consents to receive a message and 
understands the nature of the program. 
Message Senders should display a clear and conspicuous Call-to-Action with 
appropriate disclosures to Consumers about the type and purpose of the messaging 
that Consumers will receive.  
A Call-to-Action should ensure that Consumers are aware of:  (1) the program or 
product description; (2) the telephone number(s) or short code(s) from which 
messaging will originate; (3) the specific identity of the organization or individual being 
represented in the initial message; (4) clear and conspicuous language about opt-in 
and any associated fees or charges; and (5) other applicable terms and conditions 
(e.g., how to opt-out, customer care contact information, and any applicable privacy 
policy).   
Calls-to-Action and subsequent messaging should not contain any deceptive 
language, and opt-in details should not be obscured in terms and conditions 
(especially terms related to other services).     
5.1.2 Consumer Opt-In  
Message Senders should support opt-in mechanisms, and messages should be sent only 
after the Consumer has opted-in to receive them.  Opt-in procedures reduce the 
likelihood that a Consumer will receive an Unwanted Message.  It can also help prevent 

=== page 15 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 12 of 22  
   
messages from being sent to a phone number that does not belong to the Consumer 
who provided that phone number (e.g., a Consumer purposefully or mistakenly 
provides an incorrect phone number to the Message Sender).   
Depending upon the circumstances, a Consumer might demonstrate opt-in consent to 
receive messaging traffic through several mechanisms, including but not limited to: 
• Entering a telephone number through a website; 
• Clicking a button on a mobile webpage; 
• Sending a message from the Consumer’s mobile device that contains an 
advertising keyword; 
• Initiating the text message exchange in which the Message Sender replies to 
the Consumer only with responsive information; 
• Signing up at a point-of-sale (POS) or other Message Sender on-site location; or 
• Opting-in over the phone using interactive voice response (IVR) technology. 
 
While the Common Short Code Handbook is a separate document specific to the 
Common Short Code program, the Common Short Code Handbook has additional 
examples of opt-in consent that may be helpful to Message Senders. 
Message Senders should also document opt-in consent by retaining the following data 
where applicable: 
• Timestamp of consent acquisition; 
• Consent acquisition medium (e.g., cell-submit form, physical sign-up form, SMS 
keyword, etc.); 
• Capture of experience (e.g., language and action) used to secure consent; 
• Specific campaign for which the opt-in was provided; 
• IP address used to grant consent; 
• Consumer phone number for which consent to receive messaging was 
granted; and 
• Identity of the individual who consented (name of the individual or other 
identifier (e.g., online user name, session ID, etc.)). 
5.1.2.1 Confirm Opt-In for Recurring Messages  
Message Senders of recurring messaging campaigns should provide Consumers with 
a confirmation message that clearly informs the Consumer they are enrolled in the 
recurring message campaign and provides a clear and conspicuous description of 
how to opt-out.   
After the Message Sender has confirmed that a Consumer has opted-in, the 
Message Sender should send the Consumer an opt-in confirmation message before 
any additional messaging is sent.   
The confirmation message should include:  (1) the program name or product 
description; (2) customer care contact information (e.g., a toll-free number, 10-digit 
telephone number, or HELP command instructions); (3) how to opt-out; (4) a 
disclosure that the messages are recurring and the frequency of the messaging; and 

=== page 16 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 13 of 22  
   
(5) clear and conspicuous language about any associated fees or charges and 
how those charges will be billed.   
5.1.2.2 Apply One Opt-In per Campaign  
A Consumer opt-in to receive messages should not be transferable or assignable.  A 
Consumer opt-in should apply only to the campaign(s) and specific Message 
Sender for which it was intended or obtained.  
5.1.3 Consumer Opt-Out   
Opt-out mechanisms facilitate Consumer choice to terminate messaging 
communications, regardless of whether Consumers have consented to receive the 
message.  Message Senders should acknowledge and respect Consumers’ opt-out 
requests consistent with the following guidelines:  
• Message Senders should ensure that Consumers have the ability to opt-out of 
receiving Messages at any time; 
• Message Senders should support multiple mechanisms of opt-out, including 
phone call, email, or text; and 
• Message Senders should acknowledge and honor all Consumer opt-out 
requests by sending one final opt-out confirmation message per campaign to 
notify the Consumer that they have opted-out successfully.  No further 
messages should be sent following the confirmation message.   
Message Senders should state in the message how and what words effect an opt-out.  
Standardized “STOP” wording should be used for opt-out instructions, however opt-out 
requests with normal language (i.e., stop, end, unsubscribe, cancel, quit, “please opt 
me out”) should also be read and acted upon by a Message Sender except where a 
specific word can result in unintentional opt-out.  The validity of a Consumer opt-out 
should not be impacted by any de minimis variances in the Consumer opt-out 
response, such as capitalization, punctuation, or any letter-case sensitivities. 
5.1.4 Renting, Selling, or Sharing Opt-In Lists   
Message Senders should not use opt-in lists that have been rented, sold, or shared to 
send messages.  Message Senders should create and vet their own opt-in lists.     
5.1.5 Maintain and Update Consumer Information   
Message Senders should retain and maintain all opt-in and opt-out requests in their 
records to ensure that future messages are not attempted (in the case of an opt-out 
request) and Consumer consent is honored to minimize Unwanted Messages.  Message 
Senders should process telephone deactivation files regularly (e.g., daily) and remove 
any deactivated telephone numbers from any opt-in lists. 

=== page 17 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 14 of 22  
   
5.2 Privacy and Security  
Message Senders should address both privacy and security comprehensively in the 
design and operation of messaging campaigns.  Additional security guidelines and best 
practices are described further in the Messaging Security Best Practices.4   
5.2.1 Maintain and Conspicuously Display a Clear, Easy-to-Understand Privacy Policy 
Message Senders should maintain and conspicuously display a privacy policy that is 
easily accessed by the Consumer (e.g., through clearly labeled links) and that clearly 
describes how the Message Sender may collect, use, and share information from 
Consumers.  All applicable privacy policies should be referenced in and accessible 
from the initial call-to-action.  Message Senders also should ensure that their privacy 
policy is consistent with applicable privacy law and that their treatment of information is 
consistent with their privacy policy. 
5.2.2 Implement Reasonable Physical, Administrative, and Technical Security Controls 
to Protect and Secure Consumer Information   
Message Senders should implement reasonable security measures for messaging 
campaigns that include technical, physical, and administrative safeguards.  Such 
safeguards should protect Consumer information from unauthorized access, use, and 
disclosure.  Message Senders should conduct regular testing and monitoring to ensure 
such controls are functioning as intended. 
5.2.3 Conduct Regular Security Audits   
Message Senders should regularly conduct a comprehensive risk assessment of privacy 
and security procedures for messaging campaigns on a regular basis and take 
appropriate action to address any reasonably foreseeable vulnerabilities or risks.   
5.3 Content  
5.3.1 Prevention of Unlawful Activities or Deceptive, Fraudulent, Unwanted, or Illicit 
Content 
Message Senders should use reasonable efforts to prevent and combat unwanted or 
unlawful messaging traffic, including spam and unlawful spoofing.  Specifically, 
Message Senders should take affirmative steps and employ tools that can monitor and 
prevent Unwanted Messages and content, including for example content that:  (1) is 
unlawful, harmful, abusive, malicious, misleading, harassing, excessively violent, 
obscene/illicit, or defamatory; (2) deceives or intends to deceive (e.g., phishing 
messages intended to access private or confidential information); (3) invades privacy; 
(4) causes safety concerns; (5) incites harm, discrimination, or violence; (6) is intended 
to intimidate; (7) includes malware; (8) threatens Consumers; or (9) does not meet age-
 
4 The Messaging Security Best Practices include, but are not limited to, best practices to prevent 
or address:  (1) general security threats; (2) threats from messages that originate via email; 
(3) the misuse of disposable telephone numbers and free text-enabled telephone numbers; and 
(4) compromised API credentials or systems.  

=== page 18 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 15 of 22  
   
gating requirements.  Message Senders can also review the Common Short Code 
Handbook for further examples of Unwanted Message content. 
Further, Message Senders should take steps to ensure that marketing content is not 
misleading and complies with the Federal Trade Commission’s (FTC) Truth-In-Advertising 
rules. 
5.3.2 Embedded Website Links 
Message Senders should ensure that links to websites embedded within a message do 
not conceal or obscure the Message Sender’s identity and are not intended to cause 
harm or deceive Consumers.  Where a web address (i.e., Uniform Resource Locator 
(URL)) shortener is used, Message Senders should use a shortener with a web address 
and IP address(es) dedicated to the exclusive use of the Message Sender.  Web 
addresses contained in messages as well as any websites to which they redirect should 
unambiguously identify the website owner (i.e., a person or legally registered business 
entity) and include contact information, such as a postal mailing address.   
5.3.3 Embedded Phone Numbers  
Messages should not contain phone numbers that are assigned to or forward to 
unpublished phone numbers, unless the owner (i.e., a person or legally registered 
business entity) of such phone numbers is unambiguously indicated in the text message.  
5.4 Text-Enabling a Telephone Number for Non-Consumer Messaging   
An authentication and validation process should be used to verify the Message 
Senders’ authority to enable Non-Consumer messaging for a specific telephone 
number.  Message Senders should only enable Non-Consumer messaging with a 
telephone number that the Message Sender has been assigned by a provider of 
telecommunications or interconnected Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) services. 
5.5 Other Non-Consumer Messaging Best Practices  
5.5.1 Shared Telephone Numbers and Short Codes  
The use of shared telephone numbers or short codes among multiple persons, 
businesses, entities, or organizations may require special arrangements between 
Message Senders and Service Providers.  “Sub-aggregating” a single telephone number 
or short code with multiple Message Senders also may require special arrangements 
between Message Senders and Service Providers.  In instances where shared number 
use is approved, all Message Senders operating on a shared number should be 
documented and available, if required through special arrangements between 
Message Senders and Service Providers.   
5.5.2 Snowshoe Messaging  
Message Senders should not engage in Snowshoe Messaging, which is a technique 
used to spread messages across many sending phone numbers or short codes.  Service 
Providers should also take measures to prevent Snowshoe Messaging.  Additional best 

=== page 19 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 16 of 22  
   
practices addressing Snowshoe Messaging can be found in the Messaging Security Best 
Practices. 
Messaging use cases that require the use of multiple numbers to distribute “similar” or 
“like” content may require special arrangements between Message Senders and 
Service Providers.  
5.5.3 Grey Routes 
Message Senders should not utilize Grey Routes to send messages. A Grey Route is a 
setting, method, or path that is not authorized by Service Providers for Non-Consumer 
messages.  Messages are either Consumer or Non-Consumer in accordance with these 
Principles and Best Practices and subject to individual Service Providers’ policies and 
arrangements.  Additional best practices addressing Grey Routes can be found in the 
Messaging Security Best Practices. 
5.5.4 Common Short Codes  
Common short codes are non-NANP addresses of 5 or 6 digits typically used by 
businesses, entities, or organizations for high-volume communications with Consumers 
(e.g., airline flight delays, banking account alerts, shipping company delivery 
notifications, school delays).  The short code platform was developed to 
accommodate higher-volume SMS traffic by providing upfront Consumer protections 
from Unwanted Messaging traffic and procedures to ensure appropriate use of the 
platform. 
In the United States, the Common Short Code Administration (CSCA) operates the 
cross-carrier short code registry.  The CTIA Short Code Monitoring Handbook offers best 
practices and other guidelines for conducting Non-Consumer messaging campaigns 
using short codes.  
In Canada, the Canadian Wireless Telecommunications Association (CWTA) administers 
short code assignments through its txt.ca website.  The Canadian Common Short Code 
Application Guidelines publication offers best practices and other guidelines for short 
code campaigns in the Canadian marketplace. 
5.5.5 Proxy Numbers 
Message Senders might utilize a telephone number as a proxy number that functions as 
a relay point between possibly large sets of phone numbers and/or frequently 
changing phone numbers in certain wireless messaging use cases.  For example, a 
driver for a ride-sharing service may need to communicate with a prospective 
passenger to confirm a pick-up location.  The proxy telephone number functions as a 
conference call bridge telephone number, allowing the driver and passenger to 
communicate without either party having to reveal their personal telephone number.  
Another example is a service that allows a user to establish a single telephone number 
with the ability to relay calls and messages to any of several other telephone numbers 
held by the user. 

=== page 20 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 17 of 22  
   
A 10-digit NANP telephone number used as a proxy is typically a means to connect two 
individuals, but proxy numbers are commonly reused in a way that may create high 
volumes of messaging traffic.  Given the use of proxy numbers to facilitate bulk 
messaging traffic among multiple 10-digit NANP telephone numbers, the proxy number 
qualifies as Non-Consumer messaging traffic and may be subject to additional 
validation, vetting, and monitoring by Service Providers.  Although Consumer group 
messaging services may use proxy numbers and display some characteristics of Non-
Consumer messaging, special consideration can be given for these group messaging 
services, as discussed in Section 6.1 below.  
5.5.6 Text-Enabled Toll-Free Telephone Numbers  
Toll-free telephone numbers are a subset of NANP telephone numbers that use the 
following numbering plan area codes (NPAs):  800, 888, 877, 866, 855, and 844.  NPA 833 
is tentatively planned for the future.  While toll-free numbers have generally supported 
only voice calling, the messaging ecosystem has evolved to allow use of a toll-free 
telephone number as the identifier for wireless messaging services.  
To uphold the integrity of toll-free telephone numbers, to provide transparency to 
Responsible Organizations (Resp Orgs) that manage the use of toll-free numbers for 
voice services, and to protect Consumers from Unwanted Messages from toll-free 
numbers, Message Senders should operate in accordance with the following guidelines: 
5.5.6.1 Authority to Text-Enable Rests with the Toll-Free Voice Subscriber 
The toll-free subscriber who is the holder of record of a toll-free number for voice 
services has the sole authority to control additional services associated with that toll-
free number.  Only toll-free numbers that are currently reserved or in working status 
for the benefit of a toll-free number voice subscriber should be enabled for 
messaging.5 
5.5.6.2 Transparency to Resp Orgs 
To provide transparency to Resp Orgs and other Service Providers regarding toll-free 
numbers that are wireless messaging-enabled, any process for provisioning 
messaging associated with a toll-free number should allow or provide for 
synchronization with a registry or registries that provide a comprehensive record of 
text-enabled toll-free numbers and associated toll-free number subscribers.  In 
addition, registries should be operated consistent with the principles in Section 6.3 
below. 
5.5.6.3 Special Considerations for Shared-Use Toll-Free Telephone Numbers 
For the benefit of a toll-free number voice subscriber, message enablement of a toll-
free number should account for any shared-use arrangements that are part of the 
voice service associated with the toll-free number.  In the case of shared-use toll-
free numbers, the toll-free voice Service Provider should be treated as the toll-free 
 
5 See, FCC, Text-Enabled Toll Free Telephone Numbers, Declaratory Ruling and Notice of 
Proposed Rulemaking, 33 FCC Rcd 6551 (2018). 

=== page 21 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 18 of 22  
   
subscriber to uphold the integrity of the toll-free number and protect subscribers of a 
toll-free voice service that terminates voice telephony traffic to more than one 
subscriber.  Such shared-use arrangements include, but are not limited to, 
geographic-based and time-of-day-based sharing. 

=== page 22 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 19 of 22  
   
6 Special Use Cases 
6.1 Group Messaging 
Depending on the specific implementation, group messaging might utilize phone 
numbers that are typically not assigned to a unique individual, and their characteristics 
may be inconsistent with Consumer messaging.  Therefore, depending on the particular 
characteristics of a service, Service Providers may require special arrangements to 
facilitate group messaging phone numbers (e.g., similar to Non-Consumer), such as the 
identification of group messaging phone numbers.   
It is recommended that group messaging services: 
• Have strong anti-abuse controls and mechanisms appropriate for systems with 
potentially large message distribution;  
• Support the ability of any member to opt-out of the group at any time; and 
• Employ mechanisms to prevent recursive group messaging and cyclical 
messaging involving more than one group (e.g., in which one group is a 
member of another group).  
6.2 Spoofing Telephone Numbers 
Message number spoofing includes the ability of a Message Sender to cause a 
message to display an originating number for the message that is not assigned to the 
Message Sender, or when a Message Sender originates a message through a Service 
Provider other than the Service Provider to which reply messages will be delivered or 
received. 
Message number spoofing should be avoided and should comply with all applicable 
laws.  Message number spoofing may also require special arrangements between 
Message Senders and Service Providers. 
6.3 Registries 
To achieve impartiality with respect to number registration, Registrars should commit to 
fair dealing on reasonable and non-discriminatory rates, terms, and conditions with 
messaging ecosystem stakeholders and to operating the registry in good faith. 

=== page 23 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 20 of 22  
   
7 Unwanted Messaging Traffic Threat Containment 
7.1 Core Principles 
It is in the best interests of Consumers and all members of the wireless messaging 
ecosystem to enable Consumers to freely exchange wireless messages with other 
Consumers and Message Senders while endeavoring to eliminate threats of Unwanted 
Messages.   
Wireless messaging is a trusted and convenient communications platform among 
Consumers and Message Senders.  The immediacy, retrieval capabilities, storage 
capabilities, and high open rates associated with wireless messaging services make 
wireless messaging an ideal medium for all sorts of communications – including relaying 
urgent information to Consumers (e.g., fraud alerts or flight changes).  This high trust and 
open rate is associated with the spam-free environment of messaging.   
Unwanted Messaging traffic or reduction in reliable delivery diminishes Consumer trust in 
the wireless messaging ecosystem.  It is vital that wireless messaging ecosystem 
stakeholders work together to keep the relatively pristine wireless messaging 
environment free of Unwanted Messages while taking steps to support the exchange of 
wanted wireless messages among Consumers and Message Senders.  
The following core principles help ensure that Consumers are protected from Unwanted 
Messages: 
• All Service Providers should use reasonable efforts to prevent Unwanted 
Messages from being sent by or to Consumers;  
• All Service Providers may filter or block Unwanted Messages before they reach 
Consumers;  
• To the extent practical and consistent with Service Providers’ Unwanted 
Message prevention and mitigation methods, Service Providers may notify the 
Message Sender sending Unwanted Messages when Service Providers block 
Unwanted Messages;   
• Service Providers should adopt Unwanted Messaging traffic practices that 
protect Consumers in a manner that facilitates the exchange of wanted 
wireless messaging traffic; and 
• Where appropriate, wireless ecosystem members should collaborate to 
maintain Consumer trust and confidence in wireless messaging services. 
7.2 Unwanted Messaging Traffic Containment and Redress Best Practices 
7.2.1 Consumer Tools to Mitigate Unwanted Messaging Traffic 
7.2.1.1 Consumer Tools for Blocking or Filtering 
Consumers may choose to block Unwanted Messaging traffic.  Service Providers 
may provide tools for Consumers to manage the messages from specific telephone 

=== page 24 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 21 of 22  
   
numbers they receive, filter, or block, including from those sending Unwanted 
Messages.  
7.2.1.2 Reporting Unwanted Messaging Traffic 
Consumers should be able to report Unwanted Messages to their Service Provider.  
Service Providers may establish and maintain a system to receive complaints 
identifying Unwanted Messages (e.g., 7726 (SPAM) reporting systems). 
7.2.2 Communication Among Service Providers 
Service Providers may communicate as appropriate to help mitigate Unwanted 
Messaging issues, but such communications need to be consistent with Service 
Providers’ Unwanted Message prevention and mitigation systems, policies, and 
processes.   
7.2.3 Blocking Unwanted Messages and Senders 
Service Providers should adopt Unwanted Messaging traffic practices that protect 
Consumers in a manner that facilitates the exchange of wanted wireless messaging 
traffic.  Service Providers may block or filter message traffic to protect Consumers, their 
networks, and the messaging ecosystem from Unwanted Messages.  To the extent 
practical and consistent with Service Providers’ Unwanted Message prevention and 
mitigation methods, Service Providers may notify the Message Sender sending 
Unwanted Messages when Service Providers block Unwanted Messages.  Additional 
best practices related to the blocking of Unwanted Messages can be found in the 
Messaging Security Best Practices. 
7.2.4 Suspending and Disconnecting Unwanted Messaging Traffic 
Service Providers may suspend the exchange of messaging traffic with or disconnect 
another Service Provider when, in their discretion, such action is appropriate to stop the 
flow of Unwanted Messages.  Notice of any such suspension might, depending on the 
circumstances, be provided to an impacted Service Provider through appropriate 
operational or business channels. 
7.2.5 Transparency of Traffic 
To protect the wireless messaging ecosystem from repeat offenders sending Unwanted 
Messages, Service Providers may consider assigning a unique identifier to and/or using 
other processes and tools for Message Senders.   
7.2.6 Mitigating Unwanted Message Issues 
Message Senders and the Service Provider to which they submit messages should take 
reasonable and prompt actions to resolve Unwanted Messaging issues.   
7.2.7 Network Operations Center 
Service Providers should maintain a Network Operations Center (NOC) in service. 
7.2.8 Redress 
Service Providers, Aggregators, Cloud-Based Providers, and other entities should provide a point 
of contact to their customers to address questions about suspected erroneous blocking from 

=== page 25 ===
Messaging Principles and Best Practices  MAY 2023 
 
Page 22 of 22  
   
Message Senders that can provide evidence that their messages have been blocked between 
message submission and receipt by the intended recipient’s device.   
 